The current status of cloud computing, IT services and servers have all progressed extremely quickly and are all at an advanced position now in the IT world. Cloud computing is now used in everyday life as it offers the users access and security to all their files they need to access say from different locations or devices at any given time with the safety aspect of not worrying about losing files or them getting stolen. Cloud computing is hard to say where it will be in 3 years time as it has been around for a while already and some experts say that it has already reached its limit in how much it can expand and introduce new features that revolutionise cloud computing but they speeds in downloading/uploading and the storage amount can always been improved upon. The fast speeds and bigger storage can be made possible by the always expanding capabilities of our internet services and evolving products in storage disks and other hardware components.

IT services currently also allow many possibilities whether it be a IT professional come in and set up a whole network for a company or that can make remote changes to your personal server for better performance, etc. As the technology advances, the serverces also get more convenient and allow them to do a lot more. I believe the services over the next 3 years will expand hugely, more of the work will become more remote meaning they can reach out to their customers faster and more efficient and either get the problem fixed faster or identify the problem faster and get someone out there physically to fix the problem already knowing what’s wrong with the system and know exactly what they need to do to fix it. The whole process will be more efficient that it will revolutionise peoples opinions on technology and improve their standings on IT services for those that are not that well skilled in IT.

Servers currently are very advanced and is probably the fastest expanding category in IT as the hardware that goes into the servers is always changing and new parts are always being created that are smaller, faster, quieter, colder, etc. Servers currently can be of any scale, whether it is a small server for personal use or to share with a few friends to share files, or it can be on a large scale where big companies like google have multiple server rooms filled with the most advanced, compact servers in a large room with optimal speeds and temperature. Servers are always progressing and don’t really have a limit they can expand to so over the next 3 years they will continue to grow and expand and today's servers will be nothing compared to them. The power of the servers will explode to run much faster and handle more tasks, the size of the servers will become more compact, the cost of the servers will either go up or remain what they are now because prices are always change when a new product that is better comes out, all the outdated hardware becomes cheaper. This is made possible by the constant advancements in hardware technology as the more advanced the hardware then the more possibilities there are for servers to progress along with it. The accessibility and knowledge  for servers will expand to more than just people that are skilled in IT, when servers become more user friendly then in a few years i can see most households having a server for file sharing and general storage as it will be more efficient than just storing them on your personal computer clogging up space.
